hey people welcome to bast
rhomberg I will'm hannes source
today back with the instructions
when should i use my pistons actually
do with so I want my piste the
actually do and if so why
Not
I have moni as a small with it
the quasi demonstrated like a puzzle
Look because or like a puzzle
to look out of
and that's where we start
for the piste a corresponding sink
mobility that means the jump joint must
be very agile with it we never
nice to push at a front
Second, we need a good body
short legs for a long time
upper body will be perfect
short thigh really horny then
we have a perfect pass escort
then third, of course, we have to
somehow reasonably in a position
be a weight on your shoulders
find normal squat to move what
our body weight still and whether
Corresponds because we are at a piste too
almost half of our body weight
and in that we, of course, at
Piste sports the knee extremely far behind
he will push the front he will kneel
very squeezed that the meniscus
becomes so from 130 degrees he gets the
Most shear forces and most
pressure so that means if he has a runway
since that is exactly the case if I
do a normal squat and me
I already have weight overshoes
which normal squats and
I just leave my back
about as far as the point from here
now begin to round at the back
that means I would become one
squat until about here do so
and you see it now even though I am
weightlifting shoes go hurt my
Knee just barely comes forward so
but now I'm piste and now
Now my leg will be right or mine
knees badly squeezed and you have to
meniscus here strong very many powers
and withstand pressure
that is, if somebody is never or never
all the realities in the body
Constitution on white or a day lays
around with deep good squat
hinzubekommen
then you will with pistols or kneel
on short or long I can pretty much
I'm sure I would almost say that
put my hand in the fire by that
your knees are ruined if you do not have someone
since the automatically into his depth
squat and be yourself in everyday life
already in the deep squat on shield
shows that we at moni vision like
otherwise up to 2 scott body constitution
is just that yes that means she has too
a little bit of difficulty is needed
a bit under construction and again
get up
that can be improved a bit
by taking such a blake and you
from the head of the head in front of the breast
so that keeps you the center of gravity
shift something forward that is you
have seen that knee was beautiful
Far ahead they knew each other
proceed accordingly and the the
business sport gotten super good
it looks very different to me
that means june would be
tends to be more of a creation
to make piste score and also in the
to use training because they are easy
has a better agility and deep
get into the skin and also more often in
the deep squat is when you are a tissue
if there is never a fabric in yours now
everyday in such a deep or something
burdened as it does in the piste score
Will you be with a pst sport just the
he then quite a lot of weight
yes, because your body weight is quasi
is overloaded there you will with such a
pistols court relatively fast the tissue
just break it because that's it
fabric is not prepared for me
I did not think of one, for example
Just make it so after
Maybe we started somehow
just to do sports
and then just a squat too
you just do not do that at all
could cope with weight but
you just take the weight out of it
the markets for the sake of God
and once her knees on a slide
live animal just like a card house
together
would not make the and accurately
With that you would also get the capping
to quite a lot else that is
make sure that you with the at
pistons you yourself first analyzed
I can actually do the piste
Should I do it because if you are the one
does not have agility
You need to be in a jump joint
agility then i would work
but very slowly the pistols start
gradually to install or first
make deep squats that yourself
this is the first time tissue-it
can adapt and be nourished and there
a corresponding storage
so that you take this strong
be prepared for when you like
I have not been this agility
plus that she has a fucking body
constitution for pistols would have been then
it's more like a complete bike
then let be, there are other
exercises the thighs in
train face as horny as now
pistols and there are hardly any
exercise the thigh so horny
train like pistols but as I said
benefit ratio is really shitty at
pistols just for people like me to
short upper body have long legs
have et cetera pp knows the story
that means if you are someone since then
long upper body then has that
whole the whole body
a bit further forward and you can
a little much better in the
his balance down
and if you have the agility
to even squat at all
then you can do that
otherwise only works sometimes with other
forward and looks that they somehow there
get there perhaps is it
happens with my ministry one
meniscus-op because I just from the
deep squat equipped stood up
and I'm not used to being so fit too
do
yes I hope the video was a bit
instructive and helpful for you check
In any case, first your body types
before you want to start pistols drauflos
close
I know exactly the people come in
cross were boxing in the crisp 30 years
I did not do sport I want to marcel
learn rapp snatch and pistons and
kipping collapse next only you will
within the next two months
injured
that means pay attention to it in any case
that is slow and you are here
Slowly into the movement
otherwise my other check-in
videos subscribed to channel for any
comments on the video below
Write in and see you soon